# Repository Archived
Archived repository because I'm no longer using Armbian and BSP kernel. I will create a new repository for ArchLinux and Mainline kernel. Also removed Github Pages part of repository.

# Rockchip Multimedia Build System (Debian Trixie)

This repository contains automated scripts and CI workflows to build Rockchip multimedia packages (MPP, RGA, FFmpeg with HW accel) and **Firefox** with hardware decoding support for **Debian Trixie (ARM64)**.

Designed for Orange Pi 5 series / Rock 5 series and similar RK3588 based devices running Debian Trixie.

## 📦 Included Packages

The build system compiles the following components:
- **v4l-utils** (Patched for libv4l-rkmpp)
- **mpp** (Rockchip Media Process Platform)
- **linux-rga** (2D Raster Graphic Acceleration)
- **ffmpeg** (Patched with MPP & RGA support)
- **libv4l-rkmpp** (V4L plugin for Rockchip)
- **drm-cursor** (really I don't know what is that)
- **firefox-mpp** (Firefox 139.x patched with V4L2/MPP support for HW decoding) (thanks to hbiyik for patch)
- **pipewire** (Patched to enable **FDK-AAC** and **LDAC** for high-quality Bluetooth audio)
- **mpv** (Build against patched FFmpeg/MPP for hardware decoding support via rkmpp) (thanks to hbiyik for patch)

## 🚀 Building packages

You don't need to pollute your host system. Just use Docker.

*Note: Building Firefox takes a significantly long time (4-6 hours on ARM64).*

```bash
# Be sure Docker installed on your system
git clone https://github.com/Halhadus/rockchip-media-packages.git --single-branch --depth 1
cd rockchip-media-packages
chmod +x run.sh
./run.sh
```

## Debian Repository

Also you can use Debian repository from Github Pages

/etc/apt/preferences.d/media-packages:
```
Package: *
Pin: origin "halhadus.github.io"
Pin-Priority: 990
```

/etc/apt/sources.list.d/media-packages.sources:
```
Types: deb
URIs: https://halhadus.github.io/rockchip-media-packages/
Suites: trixie
Components: main
Trusted: yes
```

# Warning!!!
**Please Note:**
This repository and the scripts within are provided **"AS IS", without warranty of any kind**, express or implied. Use this software entirely at your own risk.

1.  **Limitation of Liability:** The author (**Halhadus**) and contributors shall **not be held liable** for any claim, damages, hardware failure (bricking, overheating), data loss, or other liability arising from the use of these scripts or the generated packages.
2.  **Unofficial Status:** This project is **not affiliated with, endorsed by, or connected to Rockchip Electronics Co., Ltd., Orange Pi, Radxa, or ARM Holdings.** It is a community-driven, unofficial project.
3.  **Licensing:** Third-party software compiled via these scripts (e.g., Rockchip MPP, RGA, FFmpeg) are subject to their respective licenses (Apache 2.0, LGPL, GPL, etc.). It is the user's responsibility to verify licensing terms for commercial use.

**Notice to Rights Holders:** If you are the **legal owner or authorized representative** of any software, code, or trademark used in this repository and believe there is a copyright infringement or licensing issue, please contact me via **GitHub Issues** or the contact details on my profile. Upon valid request, the relevant content or code will be **reviewed and removed immediately.**

## ⚖️ License

**Build Scripts & Configuration:**
The scripts and configuration files in this repository are licensed under the **GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPLv3)**. You are free to modify and distribute them under the same license terms.

**Third-Party Components:**
The binary packages generated by these scripts are subject to the licenses of their respective upstream projects:
* **Rockchip MPP:** Apache 2.0
* **FFmpeg:** LGPL / GPL
* **Librga:** Apache 2.0 / GPL
* **Firefox:** MPL (Mozilla Public License)
* **PipeWire:** MIT / LGPL
* **libfdk-aac:** Fraunhofer FDK AAC License (Non-Free / Restrictive)
* **mpv:** GPLv2+
* **Other Components:** See original source repositories.

<small>To be honest I don't know anything about licences.</small>
